Standard template library
container or algo 
compilation of algo iterators func in minimized version for use

cpp stl divided into  two parts

algorithms
containers
functions
iterators


The C++ Standard Template Library (STL) was developed in 1994 by Alexander Stepanov and Meng Lee at Hewlett-Packard Lab as a proof-of-concept for generic programming. It was later adopted into C++98. 


The C++ Standard Template Library (STL) is a collection of generic container classes and functions that provide common data structures and algorithms. It is an integral part of C++ and is widely used for its generic programming capabilities.
The STL is used in a wide variety of applications, including:
System/software development:
The STL is used to implement many of the core components of operating systems, compilers, and other system software.
Game development:
The STL is used to implement game engines, physics engines, and other game development tools.
Real-time simulation:
The STL is used to implement real-time simulation systems, such as those used in flight simulators and medical simulators.
Data science and machine learning:
The STL is used to implement data structures and algorithms for data science and machine learning applications.
Embedded systems:
The STL is used to implement embedded systems, such as those used in cars, appliances, and other devices.
In 2024, the STL is expected to continue to be widely used in a variety of applications. It is a powerful and versatile library that can be used to implement efficient and reliable software.
Here are some specific examples of where the STL is used in 2024:
The STL is used in the development of the Linux kernel, which is the core of the Linux operating system.
The STL is used in the development of the Unreal Engine, which is a popular game engine used to develop games such as Fortnite and PUBG.
The STL is used in the development of the V-REP simulator, which is a popular robotics simulator used in research and education.
The STL is used in the development of the TensorFlow machine learning library, which is used by Google and other companies to develop machine learning models.
The STL is used in the development of the Zephyr operating system, which is a popular operating system for embedded systems.
These are just a few examples of where the STL is used in 2024. The STL is a powerful and versatile library that can be used to implement efficient and reliable software in a wide variety of applications.
